# Star Wars Word Guess

## What it does - oversimplified:

This game randomly chooses a word from an array, stores that word in a new array, and compares that with a (hopefully) parallel array created by the user. In future projects, parallel arrays would be replaced by comparing a user-generated array to an object property. 


## What it does - in detail:

The game first prompts the user to enter their name, which is subsequently used in messages generated by the game results.

As soon as the window loads the game chooses a word randomly from an array, then uses the length of that secret word for two purposes, first to create blank spaces showing the user how long their secret word is(with a loop), and also to generate a number of guesses left (the length of the word + 6).

A document.onkeypress event captures the user input as guesses against the secret word. regex rules block the user from guessing numbers, and .toLowerCase nullifies capital letters. Keydown was changed to keypress to block shift, ctrl, alt keys. Each time the user enters a valid letter key, the user's guesses left will decrement.

The game will then use a loop to check the users guess against the secret word array index; if users guess exists in the secret word, the blank space is replaced by the letter.

Additional logic conditions handle the instances of running out of guesses, which results in the user losing a 'win', or if there are no wins, losing the game(triggering a function called completeLoss which uses location.reload to start the game fresh. When the user has only 2 guesses left, the user hears a chewbacca groan. When the user has  wins and 3 guesses left, a modal is triggered.

The game has detailed logic to handle the user successfully completing the word, up through 4 wins, playing different sounds for wins 1-4 that then repeat on the 5th win. 

All alerts other than the initial username prompt and completeLoss are delayed to allow the game play to update before an alert is triggered.

A game reset function clears the arrays for the secret word, list of guessed letters, and the displayed list of guessed letters before choosing another word. 

# Game Instructions

Use your keyboard to guess the secret word! The answers are words chosen from star wars episodes 4-6. Don't know where to start? Begin with a vowel, but keep your eye on the guesses you have left. Each time you guess the word correctly before running out of guesses, you win! If you run out of guesses, you'll have one win taken away. so cruel. But, so's the empire, right?
